Roll up re-exported APIs in docs pipeline (#7497)
microsoft/FluidFramework: docs/README.md

| `build:api-documenter:default` | --- |
| `build:api-documenter:win32` | --- |
| `build:diagrams` | Generate the diagram images using ditaa. |

> | `build:fast` | Builds the site in a fast, but incomplete way. Useful for testing and interation. |

Reviewer: build:fast does complete builds. Really the only difference is that is uses Curtis' custom build tool. The only thing with build:fast is that it's not the way we build in the CI. I've voted for a while to just have build:fast be the only build but I'm sure there's a reason why we haven't @curtisman ?

```suggestion
| `build:fast` | Alternate build solution for fast incremental builds. Useful for local building and iteration. |
```

Author: This is the package.json file in the docs folder, not the root. I.e. this isn't fluid build. 😃
